scoreboard table of the national team
who works from today in santa cruz and
He also referred to the fact that
probably the technician ratified
technical of the national team
there has been the first case of martins that
well in advance and your team asked
the liberation subsequently there has been
the theme of
Gutiérrez for the theme of the birth of
his son and the last two have been the
theme of lolas and valdivia by that date
that in the beginning it was this week that
comes from that of the South American with
university but then it was postponed
well the maple lesson has made
valdivia can be incorporated by the way
to play us by right band
with a line of three centrals can
play up bow
there are a few years ahead to make a
work if the president and the current
federation board has in mind
work with me and make me a
proposal or a plan to develop
obviously I will study it
What I can say is that in this
moment I am at this moment I am
technical of the selection but I already have a
I contract with Bolívar that Bolívar has
updated and allowed me
directing to the selection then there will be
what
but from another topic to question the
aggression suffered by the arbitration trio that
He led the party in sucre
bruno martínez is boarding received
impacts of fist punches and what
they also stabbed an unfortunate fact and
criminal occurred in the city of Sucre
and Vargas asks for guarantees for the habitat
generational
both inside and outside their
surroundings of the homeland stadium there is no
people have made us know with that
security is that we abandon the
facility field
but that's 8 and 30 if I'm not mistaken
approximately as I tell you while
we're
ready to take some mobility when
we have been attacked by these
criminals disguised as fans
gentlemen, we have family that await us
at home we have a wife we have children
how do you think they felt yesterday
our children our wives our
parents as they believe that I have felt
when they called me his bruno wife
martínez and he told me how he is for one
as I called her children like this I
about
gentlemen I did not know what to say
because in a preliminary report the
doctor on duty told us hopefully
that I am not committed the lung
right the repercussions the leadership
of the league protest by right has
occurred and promises guarantees to
referees of national football